docs/FAQ.md, before:

# FAQ

## Can an initialized mint retroactively add confidential transfers extension?
No. However, there is an alternative: [token wrap program](https://github.com/solana-program/token-wrap). It's important to understand that pursuing token wrapping indirectly fragments liquidity since the Solana ecosystem (DeFi, dApps, etc.) recognizes the wrapped token as a separate token mint. Plan judiciously.

## How to confidentialize a Confidential Transfers mint extension without also adding the Confidential MintBurn extension?

This is a creative operational solution: instead of minting on-demand, the issuer maintains a treasury account with the total supply. While the total supply remains public, individual transfer amounts stay confidential by originating all transfers from the issuer's account. The issuer pre-mints the total supply, then confidentially transfers partial amounts to recipients, creating a quasi-mint-burn mechanism.

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph Token Mint
        TM[Token Mint]
    end
    
    subgraph Issuer
        ITA[Issuer Token Account]
    end
    
    subgraph Users
        UTA1[User Token Account 1]
        UTA2[User Token Account 2]
        UTA3[User Token Account 3]
    end
    
    TM -->|"Mints total supply"| ITA
    ITA -->|"Confidential transfer"| UTA1
    ITA -->|"Confidential transfer"| UTA2
    ITA -->|"Confidential transfer"| UTA3
```

## What is the minimum number of CU's, accounts, and transactions needed to make a Confidential Transfer?
It depends on the the UX flow most relevant to the application. (Todo: point toward the most compact recipe)

Commit message:

Update FAQ and product guide with detailed Compute Unit usage for Confidential Transfers; add new Wallet Guide for handling Confidential Balances, focusing on encryption key management and secure decryption methods.

docs/FAQ.md, after:

# FAQ

## Can an initialized mint retroactively add confidential transfers extension?
No. However, there is an alternative: [token wrap program](https://github.com/solana-program/token-wrap). It's important to understand that pursuing token wrapping indirectly fragments liquidity since the Solana ecosystem (DeFi, dApps, etc.) recognizes the wrapped token as a separate token mint. Plan judiciously.

## How to confidentialize a Confidential Transfers mint extension without also adding the Confidential MintBurn extension?

This is a creative operational solution: instead of minting on-demand, the issuer maintains a treasury account with the total supply. While the total supply remains public, individual transfer amounts stay confidential by originating all transfers from the issuer's account. The issuer pre-mints the total supply, then confidentially transfers partial amounts to recipients, creating a quasi-mint-burn mechanism.

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph Token Mint
        TM[Token Mint]
    end
    
    subgraph Issuer
        ITA[Issuer Token Account]
    end
    
    subgraph Users
        UTA1[User Token Account 1]
        UTA2[User Token Account 2]
        UTA3[User Token Account 3]
    end
    
    TM -->|"Mints total supply"| ITA
    ITA -->|"Confidential transfer"| UTA1
    ITA -->|"Confidential transfer"| UTA2
    ITA -->|"Confidential transfer"| UTA3
```

## What is the minimum number of CU's, accounts, and transactions needed to make a Confidential Transfer?
Compute Unit (CU) usage depends on implementation details. For example, storing zk proofs in context state accounts (as primarily exemplified in this repository) versus being part of the confidential transfer instruction data.

Below are mainnet examples for Confidential Balances, along with their respective CU usage.

|Operation|Compute Units|Example|
|---|---|---|
|Realloc|6,155| [Solscan](https://solscan.io/tx/4NaK8Br354eWXXoQUoD9qQbWJeWmEkZT8uUND1sqnZixoV9bvxJ1p6E1fUkRcx64Yh7rZNmba1Tyeb9cxXdSY9gr)|
|Configure|4,121| [Solscan](https://solscan.io/tx/5p82KLSCo89Gwx2CmNpGwB73S8QCaUBnRh1N3xAQSt55aJbEnWK7e86EaCzXAqFNVRRCNf1geoB5mq4JuNwFDRXQ)|
|Deposit|14,526| [Solscan](https://solscan.io/tx/2Hvb1hJDt5qeYuUMWmgMGCinvW6TkVixRZgNLGyPTnfRDkyBuFK5NJLzi5KkWxh9NCK7hoBpbawnK9xaUX2AArRZ)
|Apply|16,748| [Solscan](https://solscan.io/tx/4riLZhKNkwgcypQ9gQ15go4jgnDGGX4PCuNSKNDpb8Motj9XNx9eiBYPdL5PvaYKncQbEGnctEa7NAKARMDQtGzQ)
|Withdraw|9,958| [Solscan](https://solscan.io/tx/2YpFD8Fz5QJKCt7qrcrCxwm66NWU1qPzhps1QKWkGeUnmCJzBXQ4Dpkvj8fnvG6Ag86ieShqKsk14PJ4BhkNnZ2R)
